[EuiSuperSelect] Adding generated IDs to create accessible label and description (#5364)
elastic/eui: CHANGELOG.md

- Fixed an `EuiDataGrid` race condition where grid rows had incorrect heights if loaded in before CSS ([#5284](https://github.com/elastic/eui/pull/5284))
- Fixed an accessibility issue where `EuiDataGrid` cells weren't owned by `role=row` elements ([#5285](https://github.com/elastic/eui/pull/5285))

> - Fixed an accessibility issue where `EuiSuperSelect` was not creating accessible labels for its ([#5292](https://github.com/elastic/eui/issues/5292))

Reviewer: Dropped a word :)

```suggestion
- Fixed an accessibility issue where `EuiSuperSelect` was not creating accessible labels for its listbox ([#5292](https://github.com/elastic/eui/issues/5292))
```

> - Fixed an accessibility issue where `EuiSuperSelect` was not creating accessible labels for `div[role="listbox"]` ([#5292](https://github.com/elastic/eui/issues/5292))

Reviewer: Small copy nit to keep the changelog a little less involved technically

```suggestion
- Fixed an accessibility issue where `EuiSuperSelect` was not creating accessible labels for its listbox ([#5292](https://github.com/elastic/eui/issues/5292))
```

- Fixed an `EuiDataGrid` race condition where grid rows had incorrect heights if loaded in before CSS ([#5284](https://github.com/elastic/eui/pull/5284))
- Fixed an accessibility issue where `EuiDataGrid` cells weren't owned by `role=row` elements ([#5285](https://github.com/elastic/eui/pull/5285))

> - Fixed an accessibility issue where `EuiSuperSelect` was not creating accessible labels for its listbox ([#5292](https://github.com/elastic/eui/issues/5292))
> - Fixed an accessibility issue where `EuiColorPalettePicker` was not creating an accessible label for its button ([#5367](https://github.com/elastic/eui/issues/5367))

Reviewer: Sorry I missed this earlier, we link to the pull requests instead of issues from the changelog.

```suggestion
- Fixed an accessibility issue where `EuiSuperSelect` was not creating accessible labels for its listbox ([#5364](https://github.com/elastic/eui/issues/5364))
- Fixed an accessibility issue where `EuiColorPalettePicker` was not creating an accessible label for its button ([#5364](https://github.com/elastic/eui/issues/5364))
```
